Update the description of "permission denied" error (#4379)
pingcap/docs: br/backup-and-restore-faq.md

You need to confirm whether TiKV has access to the backup directory. To back up data, confirm whether TiKV has the write permission. To restore data, confirm whether it has the read permission.

> During the backup operation, if the storage medium is the local disk or a network file system (NFS), make sure that the user to start BR and the user to start TiKV are consistent (if BR and TiKV are on different machines, the user's UID must be consistent). Otherwise, the `Permission denied` issue might occur.

Author: ```suggestion
During the backup operation, if the storage medium is the local disk or a network file system (NFS), make sure that the user to start BR and the user to start TiKV are consistent (if BR and TiKV are on different machines, the users' UIDs must be consistent). Otherwise, the `Permission denied` issue might occur.
```
